Know in this lecture I went to introduce the rest.
OPERATOR Now what is the rest.
Operator all let's show it by presenting some code.
So let's say we have an array of numbers 1 2 3 4 5 like this.
And then we will create a function which will hold sum up and this function should somehow get this
array.
Or we should get a list of numbers and then I want to loop through them.
So let equals zero.
It's smaller then you add should be the array I get here to add length plus plus.
And then I will simply add a assault variable which takes the value of the current iteration.
Of course all initialize result here which should be 0 at the beginning.
And then I will return result and if I now call this function here some up and I pass.
Number is this number is array.
What do you think we'll see if I had run we see an error because it is it's really helpful to write
this correctly as well as to use a semi-colon.
Here is another run we see 15 which is five plus four is nine plus frees 12 14 15 OK.
So it works that's great.
Now sometimes there are cases where you don't have the numbers you want to add or you want to work with
the values you want to work with in an array.
Instead we have a list of values and you want to be able to pass this list of values.
So let's say you have one hundred 10 and 20 and this is no array.
Notice that it's just a list of values.
These are free arguments.
However I'm only expecting one argument and by some for some other function also has no chance of knowing
how many arguments it will get might be one month one hundred.
It doesn't.
No.
So I can't write it with let's say Arek 1 and art 2 and then add them up that is not possible because
I would need to know how many arguments I get.
That is where is the rest parameter comes in.
It allows me to still get two at this Airey but since I'm not passing an array I add three dots in front
of it.
The Freep dots here are the rest parameter and the three dots will actually convert this list of numbers
into an array of numbers.
So if I now hit run you see 130.
And to make this clear I'll even print the to add argument here and if for now it run you see that this
actually is an array even though I did not pass one.
You also solve that behavior in the past in years 5 already you have for example Dymov or check with
the Max function to get the maximum value.
Now this function also expects to get a list of values and not an array.
So internally This function was already using something like this to well be dynamic or to be flexible
regarding the number of arguments that gets passed.
And now you were able to write something like this on your own with the rest parameter which simply
takes a list of arguments doesn't have to be numbers could be strings could be mixed values and then
just packs them together in an array.
So therefore if I for example do change one element here QBE of type string.
Now mid-run.
Well you see we got it all so packed together into an array though of course the value now different
because it's first added 110 and then just add a 20 in a string here.
So therefore we got this string value is still the correct result of the addition but it still works
.
We are able to pass anything here and convert it into an array with the rest.
Operator.
In this function argument here that's important.
We can use the rest operator in this function argument call